hello welcome to all for this
new series of tips today
we will tackle the equipment
necessary for the smooth running of your
race
so we'll see now the
obligatory material so in a
first time we have the bag with the
whistle that is integrated as well as the ain
water bag
we have the convent then we have
the sticky binding both lamps
with spare batteries cover
survival
the elastic band the cup the
cellphone
the identity card the 20 euros leboeuf
and energy products
on this I advise you to add
so your little trash that you
will manage your waste you
are nothing in nature what do you
will also manage your race
it's going to be the gps heart rate monitor
so and finally me so I use the
sticks 3 strands to allow me to
make better intentions and
especially in three strands it allows to have
a product that is much easier
to adjust much easier to store
and
so for the success of your test
you have the option to courmayeur
so at 78th kilometers to put a bag
in which you will deposit
different different products textile
that will allow you to have currency
during this refueling so know
in the mountains you can
meet all types of conditions there
including extreme conditions that this
either heat or bass
temperatures
so at that moment in the bag we put
we put the products for heat
so hats tee shirts us without
sleeve a small vest possibly the
beef and shorts and so aptly
on the contrary we have conditions rather
bad as we no longer met
last year at the big ferret pass
you will be able to use so tee
long sleeve shirt with gloves cups
headlines as well as a convent that
is going to be a lot thicker then I
advise you to put a towel
possibly to rinse you
clean a little bit of salt that you
are going to have on the face when you
go to your bag
of course food reserves one of
bars of the drinks gels
fast refills without forgetting so a
water pouch or loved ones spare that
you can have in the background
only in case we never know and then I
what I advise you so it'll be
a pair of spare shoes from
socks to really change and to
see off on the right foot with ointment
of course for rest mas of evo foot me
I use so I redo the bca
full mid-course of amino acids
so that we can continue to
take it all along the race in
average of every four hours and
then the little thing is going to be the roll
the scotch roll that is used to
repair the different little worries
that we may meet on
test
so it can be a strap that can
to be something that bothers you
so do not hesitate
scotch roll it's not heavy and
then your intermediate bag that you
will get you out of some
small situations always a little bit
tricky after introducing you
all the equipment necessary to
the good realization of your test
the idea to the press and test it this
material in condition when the sessions
are really the moments
conducive to this test
and then it really does not have
bad surprise on the day of the race
so well ahead for training and
and then next week for
new tips
things really primordial the paper
toilet
the toilet paper that is you
will use and when you have it
used do not hesitate to burn it from
so that from a point of view
ecological
we do not end up with swarms
of toilet paper so for this I you
also advises placing it in a
waterproof bag one so as not to have any
problem since the paper takes
moisture fast enough so that's it
the bulk of what you should be there
place in your bag
I advise you very strongly to have
everything is changed so that it can
to make up for any eventuality